Feedback:

It’s worth taking a closer look at the Evo2 paper, which identified layer 26 as the one that carries the most signal for the SAE analyses. It’d be interesting to see if this also pops up as the most important layer for your tasks.
One challenging part about extracting the per-token embeddings from middle layers of the model is that those tokens might not be explicitly tied to the input tokens. Earlier layers and later layers have more explicit mechanisms for ensuring that a given token embedding is actually representative of that token (implicitly via encoding and decoding), but there’s not a great guarantee that middle layers also share this. If you don’t see a strong signal when aggregating by the token indices, this might not invalidate your hypothesis but rather point to information being encoded elsewhere in the architecture.
To test this, it may also be useful to take aggregations of random spans or combinations of tokens and see if you can similarly extract regulatory vs. gene predictions for the sequences you’re interested in. It’s possible that the signal is more distributed amongst the tokens. You might need to think about other approaches to doing subsequence-level classification.
Be cautious of including too many models to compare against, but it’s good to think about including lots of predictive models. You should consider starting with one or two then building up from there so you can establish a prototype during the scope of the class, especially if your members don’t have experience with these models.
I imagine the models will be very good at species identification, but this is also great from an interpretability perspective. Could you link this back to species-specific elements and evolutionarily-conserved features? This would provide deeper biological insight into your project.
Take a look at this project for some inspiration on the species prediction front: https://pmc.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/articles/PMC11785049/ 
Overall this project sounds great and definitely in scope for the class. If your initial hypotheses don’t work out, be prepared to try more methodological advancements to classify these subsequences and species sequences.